Awesome.
Once we have covered our first property by the name of flux direction and I purposely left it here the
flux direction by the value overall.
Just so you can always refresh your memory that is said by default.
Next up we have flex wrap property and the best way for me to show you the flex for our property is
by in fact creating more items.
Okay.
Now first and foremost what I'm gonna do is just copy and paste it.
Let's add another class.
This class is going to be generic.
Let's also add the Capital Case G.
I was going to stand for generic.
Then we're gonna copy and paste it let's say four more times and let's save it.
And then within the styles C Asus Let's in fact target class generic and then let's add some kind of
background.
Now it can be any color you like in order to save us some time instead of typing out the new hex color.
I'm just gonna copy and paste the blue one.
Now the moment we do that we right away can notice something really really interesting where if our
Flex container is able to fit boxes everything is like we already had before where we just have a line
of all our boxes.
However the moment the Flex parent container or flex container is not able to fit all our items what
happens is that they are laid out in one line and in fact set to overflow.
So essentially what this means is that if Lex container is not able to fit all our items what happens
is that our user needs to start scrolling.
So if we have enough space.
I said typical behavior like we already had before but if we have a smaller space.
So if our screen size in fact gets smaller our user needs to start scrolling.
If the items take up more space then in fact our Flex container allows.
OK.
Now the reason why that is happening because again we have a default and that default is no Nora.
So if I'm gonna write here let's wrap that is of course the name of the property and if I'm gonna go
with no wrap you're gonna notice that nothing in our layout changes again as that is the default behavior
that is set by flex parks.
However we also have more values.
We have a value of rap as well as we have a rap reverse.
So let's start with a rap.
So what I'm gonna do here is I'm just gonna copy and paste it and since of course I'm applying this
after Dino rap you're gonna notice that our layout is going to change right away because what is going
to happen is that when there's not enough space for our items in one line instead of just keeping in
one line and setting them as overflow.
In fact we're going to start a new line.
So if there's enough space awesome they're setting one line but the moment we don't have enough space
well we're starting a new line so there's gonna be two lines in a flux container.
So if we need even more space then we're gonna just create more and more lines.
As you can see right now we're not able to separate this item here.
So that's the reason why we're starting a new one now.
Lastly we also have an option of rap reverse so what we can do is we can just write the rap I felt reverse.
Now in this case if there's not enough space.
First and foremost we're going to start a new line.
But not only that we're also going to flip the order of the atoms.
So as you can see there's not enough space.
So we have one two three and all that starting from the second row.
And then this last item is in fact sitting here in the first row.
So the smaller the screen size gets well the more items we're adding in the rows 2 and 3.
So that's the whole setup now to kind of give you an idea of where you would use that.
Well again let's imagine this with me first of all a comment I'll wrap reverse.
Let's imagine that we have some kind of Nambour.
So probably when we get to a smaller screen size we would still want our user to in fact see all the
legs.
Correct.
Because if we're gonna go with no wrap while the user on a smaller screen size is going to have to start
in fact scrolling horizontally which is not the best user experience because imagine you have some kind
of lengths and you'd probably want your user all the time to see all your available links.
Otherwise it might be some kind of link where your user cannot navigate because let's imagine that user
doesn't understand that he or she has to in fact do the horizontal scrolling.
So that's the reason why by default we have no wrap but in most cases you're probably going to go with
a wrap for a very simple reason because you would want to have a nice user experience where your user
always always sees all the items and doesn't have to scroll horizontally.